Update publishing-releases.rst (#73)
NSLS-II/scientific-python-cookiecutter: docs/source/publishing-releases.rst

   .. code-block:: bash

      python3 -m pip install --upgrade twine
      

> #. Install wheel, a built distribution format for PyPI.      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Install wheel, a tool for producing `built distributions <https://packaging.python.org/glossary/#term-built-distribution>`_ for PyPI.
```
